docs: add examples for splice site variants (#679)
ga4gh/vrs: docs/source/examples/SpliceVariants/SpliceDonorDownstream.rst

  NCBI Sequence Viewer showing the splice donor region in NM_001385641.1

Anchor selection
----------------

To represent this variant, an anchor is chosen at the inter-residue position corresponding to the exon boundary referenced by the HGVS expression. For splice-donor variants, this anchor is placed at the end of the exon preceding the intron.

Anchor selection is determined by splice context and does not depend on transcript orientation. In this example, the exon end occurs at inter-residue position **1118**, which is used as the anchor.

The diagram below illustrates the selected anchor position relative to the exon boundary.

.. image:: ../../images/splice_variants/donor_downstream/anchor.drawio.svg
  :alt: Calculating interbase coordinates for anchor
  :align: center

Mapping relative to the anchor
------------------------------

Offsets are applied relative to the anchor to identify the transcript-relative inter-residue interval corresponding to the HGVS position.

> Because the anchor corresponds to an exon junction, ``anchorOrientation`` is used to select which side of the anchor is used as the reference point. For this splice-donor variant, the anchor is oriented to the **left**, selecting the side of the anchor immediately preceding the exon boundary.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Because the anchor represents the point at which an alignment gap occurs (e.g. an exon junction mapped to two sides of an intronic sequence), ``anchorOrientation`` is used to select which side of the anchor is used as the reference point. For this splice-donor variant, the anchor is oriented to the **left**, selecting the side of the anchor immediately preceding the exon-intron boundary.
```
